Conversely, Sardar Iftikhar Ahmed, the learned counsel for complainant-respondent, contended that the presence of the eyewitnesses at the residence of the deceased was natural, and their testimony could not be discarded merely on the basis of their relationship with the deceased. He submitted that the prosecution’s version was corroborated by medical evidence, recovery of the weapon of offence on the convict’s pointation, the recovery of crime empties recovered from the locus in quo, and the convict’s confessional statement recorded under Section 164 Cr.P.C. He argued that the prosecution had succeeded in establishing its case beyond reasonable doubt, through a combination of direct and circumstantial evidence, whereas the defence had failed to raise any plausible doubt. He further asserted that the motive behind the occurrence was duly substantiated through consistent oral testimony, and was further reinforced by the line of crossexamination adopted by the convict-appellant. Emphasis was placed on the deposition of the medical officer, which corroborated the ocular account, confirming that the deceased had sustained firearm injuries resulting in fatal damage to the vital organ including liver, lungs, spleen, and heart. He maintained that in a case of Qatl-i-amd, where Qisas is inapplicable, the court retains discretion under Section 311, APC to impose punishment under Tazir, which was rightly exercised by both the trial and the appellate courts. In support of his arguments, reliance was placed on the case law, reported as 2011 SCR 240, 2005 SCMR 1958, 2017 SCMR 201, PLD 2015 SC 77, and 2003 SCMR 855.Conversely, Sardar Iftikhar Ahmed, the learned counsel for complainant-respondent, contended that the presence of the eyewitnesses at the residence of the deceased was natural, and their testimony could not be discarded merely on the basis of their relationship with the deceased. He submitted that the prosecution’s version was corroborated by medical evidence, recovery of the weapon of offence on the convict’s pointation, the recovery of crime empties recovered from the locus in quo, and the convict’s confessional statement recorded under Section 164 Cr.P.C. He argued that the prosecution had succeeded in establishing its case beyond reasonable doubt, through a combination of direct and circumstantial evidence, whereas the defence had failed to raise any plausible doubt. He further asserted that the motive behind the occurrence was duly substantiated through consistent oral testimony, and was further reinforced by the line of crossexamination adopted by the convict-appellant. Emphasis was placed on the deposition of the medical officer, which corroborated the ocular account, confirming that the deceased had sustained firearm injuries resulting in fatal damage to the vital organ including liver, lungs, spleen, and heart. He maintained that in a case of Qatl-i-amd, where Qisas is inapplicable, the court retains discretion under Section 311, APC to impose punishment under Tazir, which was rightly exercised by both the trial and the appellate courts. In support of his arguments, reliance was placed on the case law, reported as 2011 SCR 240, 2005 SCMR 1958, 2017 SCMR 201, PLD 2015 SC 77, and 2003 SCMR 855.